Can you see
with your mind’s eye,
Peoples
dwelling together?
Sorrow has passed.
Peace at last!
Life without
tears or pain.
Sing out
with joy of heart!
You too
can have a part.
Live for the day
when you’ll say,
‏“Life without end,
at last!”
In those days
old will grow young,
Flesh revived
as in childhood.
Troubles are gone,
from now on,
No need
to weep or fear.
Sing out
with joy of heart!
You too
can have a part.
Live for the day
when you’ll say,
“Life without end,
at last!”
Paradise
all will enjoy
As we sing
of God’s glory.
Long as we live,
we will give
To God, our Maker,
thanks.
Sing out
with joy of heart!
You too
can have a part.
Live for the day
when you’ll say,
“Life without end,
at last!”